Chapter 2
in the next episode we can see few goblins having an sword in there hands are around a girl which have orange hairs and her clothes are torn apart.
she is shouting for help and suddenly a bomb came near them and explode and all the goblins got vanished, we an see the person who vanished th goblins is itself chen zhiliao, and he saved xiaomei and he apologise for being late, xiaomei says that you are my hero and going to kiss him, but in next scene we can see a chameleon is touching the lips of zhiliao which make shim think to slow down and tells that your saliva is all over my face, then he suddenly came to is counciousness and shouted xiaomei, he thougth about what happened with him and start thinking about the transmission supposed to be this exciting and he starts feeling his body electrocuted and quite comfortable. well it seems that he is already in the game,he tarts feelinh hot and it seems very realistic for him, he thought that the first transmission should bring him in the novice village but there is no one there, he starts thinking about xiaomei again and thinking of getting in touch with her.
he started searching her id to get to touch with her but its says that there is no such id and please confirm it again.
he tells himself that, that's strange. I couldn't have remembered xiaomei's incorrect id, then he says that forget about it and start searching for novice village. after wondering here and there he starts thinking himself wrong and couldn't find the village and thinks that where he is transmitted to. and at last the system tells him that he is out-of-service area.
well he couldn't get touch with the customer service and it's very strange for him too. his body looses 900ml of sweat per hour due to the hot weather. and its only a matter of time before he faint's due to dehydration. he wants to quite the game. he thought that he didn't expect the difficulty of this game that much and he should better wait for xiaomei and go her offline and explain it to her. but he couldn't get log out after trying more and more, the system tell him that he is unable to logout and he got a notification that he have a new mission to stay alive.

chapter 3
